SECTION 5 :

	1. Example : Getting funds for project assignment from third party organisation  
		
		The day before meeting , I will definitely go through the third party organisation profile (research,projects) and also their standards . The next 

day before meeting , I must increase my confident level , communication level and body language . At the time of meeting , Good morning one and all present here ,

my heartly welcome to third party organization members. I very pleasure to share few words about third party organisation and their members in a delightfully way .  

Let's start our project presentation , and my idea about presentation seems more interesting (i.e: questioning to the members and also myself (like give and take 

policy) and tell some stories related to my presentation topic). I will illustrate nook and corner of our project planning (types of methods,materials or software), 

benefits, feasibilty ,statistical data analysis (graph) , relability , profits and we have a hope to finish our project at very less time and also our project 

advantages and disadavantages) That's all about my presentation , thank you all.  



	2. a. Why I take this test?

			In my point of view , how can i able to answer for your questions.I am also testing my kowledge related to my academics and language skills

and also brushup my past academics.If i don't know any one question , I will search or get idea from professor and gain more knowledge of it.



	3. Why I want a job in Curneu?

			I am eager to get a job from curneu because i really interested in healthcare technology.In this technology more closely related to human 

health . Use of this field we have to design more number of innovate products (devices,vaccines,drugs, and medicines) and provide better solutions to improve the 

diseased patient,can get a better life. In your organisation innovating ideas of health care technology plays a major role.That will attracted to me.If i get an 

offer from curneu,I really being a part of healthcare to improve our innovating ideas to provide better solution for the patients who are all affected by diseases.

One main thing, our products are used by all people.Because our products becomes more cost,some higher people only can use it.That is not our success. Our products 

are helpful for all individual.    

			     